### Template review and release process

A traveler can only be created from a released template. A released template is
created when a draft template is approved by the reviewers and released after
that. When the owner finishes editing a template, s/he can request a template
review by click on the <button class="btn btn-primary">Submit for
review</button> button.

All the submitted templates are listed on the under review templates tab. On the
template review page, the template owner can add or remove reviewers. A reviewer
is a user with the reviewer role. When any reviewer requests change in the form,
the review process is stopped. All past review results and comments for specific
versions are viewable for future reference. The review process restarts when the
owner makes changes and submits for review again.

When all the reviewers approve the template of the current version, the <button
class="btn btn-primary">Release</button> button will appear on the template
page. When the owner releases the approved template, a new released template is
created. The approved template is listed on the approved and released template
table.

#### Reviewer

**Audience: admin and reviewer**

A normal traveler user cannot review templates. The admin needs to add the
reviewer role to the users who want to perform the task. A reviewer sees <a
href="/reviews/">Reviews</a> link on top of the traveler page. The reviews page
lists all the active templates under review. The reviewer can approve or request
for more works for a template. A template needs to be approved by all the
reviewers before release. A single rework request from any reviewer will
terminate the review process, and the template becomes editable again. A
reviewer can request change for a template that s/he has approved before it is
released by the template's owner.
